Add audits in the Jupyter ecosystem (#133)
jupyter/accessibility: docs/audits/index.md

> # Jupyter Accessibility Audits

Reviewer: If I were someone coming to this page for the first time, I might wonder why some of the audits are in GitHub issues, while two are in these docs. Is there some way we can address that? Or maybe put all the audit links in one list, rather than splitting them into two lists?

I'm not sure what the best approach is, but currently this looks confusing to me.

Reviewer 2: Agree - the current structure (two lists, some with in-depth content other without) make this confusing at the least, and signals some sort of "hierarchy" / "importance at worst"

Author: Should I only add the links to the github issues/PR?

Still we need to add the new two pages to a toctree, if not Sphinx will not include them and will not be reachable.

Author: Edit: I removed the single audit pages and just left the list of all the audits

> This is the compendium of accessibility audits in the Jupyter ecosystem. Each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the collection of accessibility audits in the Jupyter ecosystem. Each
```

> one of these identifies the current state of the interface regarding a given
> accessibility tool, area or topic as well as improvement strategies in order
> to fix shortcomings and/or failures on each of the topics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
one of these identifies the current accessibility and usability state of the interface regarding a given area or topic, usability with assistive technology, and improvement strategies in order
to fix shortcomings and/or failures on each of the topics.
```

> The aim of the findings is to determine the improvements needed for disabled
> users to avoid complicated strategies and workflows that may prevent them to
> use the software in its 100%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aim of the audits is to identify accessibility barriers in the software. A complementary
aim is to identify ways to remove the barriers found. The overall aim is to improve usability 
for disabled users.
```

Reviewer 2: Too many "aim" uses, suggest:

```suggestion
The main goals of these audits are:

1. Identify accessibility barriers in the software.
2. Identify ways to remove the barriers found.

An overarching goal of this work is to improve usability for disabled users.
```

## Audits
```{toctree}
:maxdepth: 1

zoom-audit
keyboard-audit
```

> ## See also

Reviewer 2: Remove header - these are all audits

> - [Notebook v7.0.0 for WCAG 2.1 audit](https://github.com/jupyter/notebook/issues/6800)
> - [Screen reader with keyboard shortcuts audit](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/6573)
> - [Issues in JupyterLab v2.2.6 for WCAG 2.1 audit](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9399)

Reviewer 2: Links should follow a similar pattern - i.e., which tool do they refer to? As a reader I do not get enough information from the current wording.

```suggestion
- [Notebook - v7.0.0 WCAG 2.1 audit (March 2023)](https://github.com/jupyter/notebook/issues/6800)
- [JupyterLab - Screen reader with keyboard shortcuts audit (June 2019)](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/6573)
- [JupyterLab -  v2.2.6 WCAG 2.1 audit (November 2021)](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9399)
```
